Readme.md, before:

# PAYONE for Oxid
![license LGPL](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-LGPL-blue.svg)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PAYONE-GmbH/oxid-6.svg)](https://github.com/PAYONE-GmbH/oxid-6/issues)

# PAYMENT FOR YOUR OXID-SHOP 
The Payone-FinanceGate-Module is already certified by OXID to guarantee faultless code quality and correct operation, but we are willing to do an even better job. The community here on Github is a great help for that and we are happy about your participation. Take a look at our released version and send us commits or other feedback to take care for the best possible solution.

## Important functions for OXID
*	Seamless integration in the checkout processes
*	Centralised administration within Oxid
*	The offered portfolio of payment options can be controlled depending on the consumer's credit rating
*	The payment extension is compatible with all OXID eShop editions of version 6: Community, Professional and Enterprise edition
*	Supports simplified PCI DSS conformity in accordance with SAQ A
*	Find all currently supported payment methods on www.payone.com/oxid

## More information
More information about OXID on https://www.payone.com/oxid or https://www.fatchip.de/Plugins/OXID-eShop/OXID-PAYONE-Connector.html 

## Requirements
Installed OXID eShop >= v6.0.0

## Installation
Just go to the directory of your Oxid `composer.json` file and perform the following command:
```
composer require payone-gmbh/oxid-6
```

After that, just activate the module in the Oxid backend.

## About BS PAYONE
Since the end of August 2017, the two payment specialist companies PAYONE and B+S Card Service merged to become BS PAYONE GmbH. All current partnerships will be maintained the way they are. APIs, interfaces, and other technical parameters will stay the same. Your current contact persons will continue to gladly be at your service.<br>
BS PAYONE GmbH is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main and is one of the leading omnichannel payment providers in Europe. In addition to providing customer support to numerous Sparkasse banks, the full-service payment service provider also provides cashless payment transactions services to more than 255,000 customers from various branches – whether that be in stationary retail or when completing e-commerce and mobile payment transactions.

Commit message:

temporarily written instructions for manual installation into the Readme.md

Readme.md, after:

# For testing without composer installation of plugin
add or extend this to the composer.json in the shop root
<code>
"autoload-dev": {\
&nbsp; &nbsp; "psr-4": {\
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "Fatchip\\PayOne\\": "./source/modules/fc/fcpayone"\
&nbsp; &nbsp; }\
},
</code>

# PAYONE for Oxid
![license LGPL](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-LGPL-blue.svg)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PAYONE-GmbH/oxid-6.svg)](https://github.com/PAYONE-GmbH/oxid-6/issues)

# PAYMENT FOR YOUR OXID-SHOP 
The Payone-FinanceGate-Module is already certified by OXID to guarantee faultless code quality and correct operation, but we are willing to do an even better job. The community here on Github is a great help for that and we are happy about your participation. Take a look at our released version and send us commits or other feedback to take care for the best possible solution.

## Important functions for OXID
*	Seamless integration in the checkout processes
*	Centralised administration within Oxid
*	The offered portfolio of payment options can be controlled depending on the consumer's credit rating
*	The payment extension is compatible with all OXID eShop editions of version 6: Community, Professional and Enterprise edition
*	Supports simplified PCI DSS conformity in accordance with SAQ A
*	Find all currently supported payment methods on www.payone.com/oxid

## More information
More information about OXID on https://www.payone.com/oxid or https://www.fatchip.de/Plugins/OXID-eShop/OXID-PAYONE-Connector.html 

## Requirements
Installed OXID eShop >= v6.0.0

## Installation
Just go to the directory of your Oxid `composer.json` file and perform the following command:
```
composer require payone-gmbh/oxid-6
```

After that, just activate the module in the Oxid backend.

## About BS PAYONE
Since the end of August 2017, the two payment specialist companies PAYONE and B+S Card Service merged to become BS PAYONE GmbH. All current partnerships will be maintained the way they are. APIs, interfaces, and other technical parameters will stay the same. Your current contact persons will continue to gladly be at your service.<br>
BS PAYONE GmbH is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main and is one of the leading omnichannel payment providers in Europe. In addition to providing customer support to numerous Sparkasse banks, the full-service payment service provider also provides cashless payment transactions services to more than 255,000 customers from various branches – whether that be in stationary retail or when completing e-commerce and mobile payment transactions.
